Okay, let's start software huddle. Hi guys, how are you doing, Carol Manoj is sitting next to me. And yeah, let me first go to my.Okay, let me share screen, we will wait for maybe a couple of minutes for people to join. I do not know how many are there. Okay, okay. So, I think Saurabh might join. So, I think Saurabh might join.Okay, in the meantime, I think, yeah, so as we said, this is just to align everyone's software activities. First thing is, I think, Govind, you and Pritam were working, so PDF workers, I think you guys have done, right, and fixed. Hello. Hi. Hello. Hi. Hi. Okay, and the next thing is test of build online, yeah, this is the same thing actually, we already finished this side, so, okay and one more thing we need to actually finish if I do not know Saurabh is, Saurabh is not there, okay, what we need to finish is the ISO 27001. We need to actually. Actually, if you guys are following that, any idea on the pending tasks, if we need to call out somebody. I think there are not too many things that are pending actually, from my understanding. If I look at the overview of the dashboard, a few items are pending and I have to see who has. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so this I thought I had completed, I guess, okay, these two are pending, okay. Yeah, some small tasks are pending, but those are actually, what do you say, incremental tasks. We can finish that. Mostly, the thing is we need to actually be ready for an internal audit at least within Sprint 2. We are kind of there, I would say, according to this we are 75 percent ready and of all the checks, we're passing 95 percent.The plan is to target the internal audit at least by the month end, so then we know what the gaps are for us to be external audit and certification ready. So yeah, so all of you have spring to just make sure that you are, I think individually you are updating it and yeah, if anything is pending with regard to policies accepting etc., we'll have to catch up on that.So, at this point you are working on the SAR form for endocloud right, after that you would not, I think you do not really have any other major task no. In that case and maybe I will also make, I will make you also an administrator in this Pinto dashboard. So, you will also have to see the screen that I am seeing and I mean you can look at what are the things that are missing and maybe you can just call out whoever is responsible. So, when you have.So, when you go to this dashboard, you will actually see things like this. Out of 15 people, 10 are ready, 5 need work, 32 policies, 28 ready, 4 need work, so things like this. And you will actually, if you click on view, you will also see who needs to finish what. So, few people would not have acknowledged the policy, they need to be called out. This for example is not necessary. Archive at Mimic is not really a user that I can. For example, these 3, I think they have to acknowledge the policies.So, there will just be, it is basically it helps you keep track of the current status. So, we will get all of this done and then, yeah essentially we need to be ready for the, for an internal audit at the start, that is the target, ok. So, post, so once you finish the SAR form on endo cloud, you can update and then we will go from there. So, that is it. else is there. We will probably close the call. We will catch up maybe next week again. I think Nitin will be back also. So, it will be and we will probably have an internal meeting and also tasks will be clearer after that. Okay, cool. See you guys. Belated Diwali wishes going. Bye. Thank you. Happy Diwali. Bye.youHello. Hello. Testing. Testing. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. Let me just keep recording. Things are happening. Just recording things that you want to record and we'll see how large the file is and whether you can actually transfer it. So, let's check the cost. Cost, we will check shortly, but actually, let's. Okay. So, OpenAI's credit. So far, I've used $0.5 from the last meeting. So, not bad, actually. I don't think that's, I'm not sure that's how many for that. Is it? Are you absolutely certain? Yes. So, I am asking OpenAI one question. How much do you think it will cost if I keep letting you run and record what I'm doing? It's a very interesting topic to discuss right now. So, when I send the keyboard interrupt, I'm not really sure what is going to happen. Can somebody add in some speech or text or some fillers? Jadavs, I will leave it to you. Petra answers is asking the question. Donut. Donut. Okay. Let's see. Donut is also a valid point. Okay. We still have the lunch, Petra. Oh yeah. We had an amazing lunch, which consisted of one paneer tikka pizza, one Mexican something-something and one farmhouse pizza. I think Manoj, Aniket and myself went to have lunch at Cobe Scissors slash La Pizzeria and there was a general consensus that the paneer tikka pizza was the best. So, if you are going to Cobe Scissors and La Pizzeria, please try the paneer tikka pizza. Say some random stuff. Say some random stuff. It's fine. You are going to get your number plate changed tomorrow. Yeah. I have to go get my number plate changed and my car is red. The shirt is red. My shirt is red. My pants are grey. And now you should be recording laughter. You should. How will you transcribe laughter? That's a very good question. I think we are all happy now. Yeah. Between the laughter. Yeah. Can you distinguish between voices, Jadav? I am not sure you can. I don't think so. Is that what can you transcribe? Yeah. Okay. So, I am stopping the recording now.